---
layout: post
title: "When a Man"
---

<blockquote>
	<p>When a man walks into a room he brings his whole life with him.</p>
	<p>He has a million reasons for being anywhere, just ask him.</p>
	<p>If you listen he’ll tell you how he got there, how he forgot where he was going, and then he woke up.</p>
	<p>If you listen he’ll tell you about the time he thought he was an angel, or dreamt of being perfect, and then he’ll smile with wisdom, content that he realized the world isn’t perfect.</p>
	<p>We’re flawed because we want so much more.</p>
	<p>We’re ruined because we get these things and wish for what we had.</p>
	<p>It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.</p>
	<small>Donald Draper</small>
</blockquote>

<span class="post-date"><a href="{{ page.url }}">{{ page.date | date: "%b %d, %Y" }}</a></span>
