---
layout: post
title: "Teaching Math"
---

h1. <a href="{{ page.url }}">{{ page.title }}</a>

<p>A quote from <a href="http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/04/18/a-better-way-to-teach-math/">this article</a> by the New York Times resonated with me. It says, "Math is like a ladder. If you miss a step, sometimes you can’t go on.". Although I ended up majoring in both Mathetmatics and Statistics, people are always surprised to hear that I struggled in those subjects during high school and my first year at college. It wasn't until the final freshmen calculus class did things turn.</p>
<p>It was a combination of two things.</p>
<p>I worked my tail off, I didn't have a choice. I wasn't doing well enough to get into the Computer Science department and if I didn't do well in this final class that was it. I remember studying at 6:00AM even though class wasn't until 11:00AM. Every problem (even and odd) in each section, multiple times.</p>
<p>I had a awesome professor, <a href="http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&cd=1&ved=0CB4QFjAA&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.math.washington.edu%2F~novik%2F&ei=zFiyTczwBoLmsQO8s6TwCw&usg=AFQjCNExd2bqT1orPynCR3pxkfclCoUqig">Isabella Novik</a>. While studying, I kept a spare sheet of paper where I wrote down questions or things I didn't understand. Each week during office hours, we went through that sheet of paper and she would explain anything I didn't understand. We quickly learned I was missing fundamental skills I should have learned during high school. I'll always be grateful for the time she spent teaching me basic algebra even though she was supposed to teach me calculus.</p>
<p>Filling in those holes, made all the difference. The more advanced stuff started to make sense now that I had a proper base. Math went from being a constant source of frustration to being.. well.. awesome! To this day, I'm grateful she took the time to teach basic math to a less than promising student.</p>
<p>As an aside, it blows my mind more students don't take advantage of office hours. Once you're out of school, you'll realize people that talented don't make themselves available to you for an hour each week.</p>

<span class="meta demph">&mdash; <a href="{{ page.url }}">{{ page.date | date: "%b %d, %Y" }}</a></span>
