---
layout: post
title: "Why You'll Never be Satisfied with Your Work"
category: design 
---
h1. <a href="http://andrewchenblog.com/2012/03/02/why-your-product-will-never-seem-like-its-good-enough/">{{ page.title }}</a><span class="link-arrow">&rarr;</span>

<p>When someone who works at Pixar was asked which movie was his favorite:</p>
<blockquote>
	<p>This is such a tough question, because they are all good. And yet at the same time, it can be hard to watch one that you've worked on, because you spend so many hours on it- and you know all the little choices you made, and all the shortcuts that taken. And you remember the riskier things you could have tried but ended up not, because you couldn't risk the schedule. And so when you are watching the movie, you can see all the flaws, and it isn't until you see the faces of your friends and family that you start to forget them.</p>
</blockquote>
<p><a href="http://twitter.com/zealoustiger">Brian</a> sent me this article saying: "Thought of you when I read this post". This is how I feel all the time.</a>
<p>There are times when I have a hard time looking at our product (<a href="http://decide.com">decide.com</a>). Just like the quote says, all I see are trade-offs, designs we didn't use, things I wish we tried. Talking to users, I'm routinely surprised they find it so useful, some even really like it. That's a weird statement coming from the guy who works on that product everyday.</p>
<p>The happiest I've ever been with a product was probably the first one we ever built. I didn't know enough to see the flaws, wasn't conscious of the trade-offs I was undoubtedly making. As I've spent more time designing, and hopefully gotten better at it, I've become more critical. Design is primarily about decisions and trade-offs.</p>
<p>It's important to get out from the weeds from time to time. Our product still needs to get better but that's why we come to work everyday.</p>
