---
layout: post
title: "Marissa Mayer's Highest Priority"
---

h1. <a href="{{ page.url }}">{{ page.title }}</a>

<a href="http://andrewchen.co">Andrew Chen</a> on <a href="http://quibb.com">Quibb</a>:

<blockquote>
It's a very tough thing because for a large company like Yahoo, there are thousands of people making a handful of meaningful decisions per day, which leads you a crazy number of outcomes over the course of a year. For a startup, you still make a crazy number of decisions if you do the math for 3-4 decisions a day, 5 days a week, over 3-4 years for a startup.

Joe Kraus at Google Ventures makes exactly this point <a href="http://joekraus.com/the-lies-we-tell-ourselves">here</a>, where he calculates the # of decisions that are made at a startup to be 5^750, which comes out to a huge number with 500+ digits.
</blockquote>

The number is exponentially larger for a company the size of Yahoo. What can one person, even the CEO, realistically do?

Define their identity. Identity provides a scalable framework to make better, more cohesive decisions.

Even Steve Jobs couldn't make all the decisions at Apple. He relied on thousands of other people to make the hundreds of millions of decisions that went into their products. His greatest achievement, and what will allow Apple to continue in his passing, was a clear and definitive identity. This is Apple, we stand for uncompromising quality and we keep doing it until it's right.

What does Yahoo stand for? 

Her answer will come in the form of the products she funds, people she hires and organizational structure she implements. Redefining their identity should be her highest priority.
