---
layout: post
title: "A Letter to My Godson"
location: "Seattle, WA"
excerpt: I'm writing this letter before your first and my thirtieth birthday for you to open on your eighteenth. It's an idea my father told me about when I was a teenager but never did.
featured: yes
---

h1. <a href="{{ page.url }}">{{ page.title }}</a>

I'm writing this letter before your first and my thirtieth birthday for you to open on your eighteenth. It's an idea my father told me about when I was a teenager but never did.

You'll learn these on your own or you'll learn to disagree with them. Find out for yourself. They're simply things that have been helpful to me. Hopefully they are to you. Here goes.

If you aren't as talented as someone, or don't have the opportunities they have, outwork them. Only the latter is a choice. You'll be surprised how far this gets you.

The world is a big place, being made smaller everyday. Get out there. See things that'll startle you, feel things you've never felt, meet people with a different point of view. You'll come back with a better understanding of yourself.

Eat more fruit and vegetables.

Stay optimistic. Life can wear you down. Every disappointment followed by lowered expectations. A defense mechanism to curb the pain of future disappointment. It's a horrible way to live, hoping for less each time. Have the courage to always shoot higher.

Be whoever you want. Have the courage to be honest about who you want to be. The discipline to mold yourself into that person. The strength to start all over again if you change your mind. There are no rules to this. Maybe one.. be happy.

Believe in magic.

When it comes to love, don't worry about making a fool of yourself. That's how you know you're doing it right. Don't settle. Ever. Don't be in a hurry. Nothing good gets away.

When you feel like you have no idea what you're doing, remember that no one else does either. Everyone is just making it up as they go along.
