---
layout: post
title: "Lessons Learned in 2013"
excerpt: I'm gonna remember 2013. It's the year I turned 30, my startup was acquired and I moved to San Francisco. As I reflected on the past year and the previous 29 before it, I made a list of things I've learned along the way. 
---

h1. <a href="{{ page.url }}">{{ page.title }}</a>

I'm gonna remember 2013. It's the year I turned 30, my startup was acquired and I moved to San Francisco. As I reflected on the past year and the previous 29 before it, I made a list of things I've learned along the way.

Here's the list:

<ol>
  <li>Don't over think things. Often "because you want to" is reason enough.</li>
  <li>Dating gets easier as you get older.</li>
  <li>Who you are has more to do with how you act and what you love than what you have or say.</li>
  <li>Minimize regret not disappointment.</li>
  <li>Telling someone you're 30 is significantly different from telling them you're 29. You know it. They know it.</li>
  <li>Give people a chance. Make plans with people you just met. Go on that first date. It won't always work but some will and a few will change your life.</li>
  <li>There's something magical about having dinner. A disproportionate number of my fondest memories were at dinner.</li>
  <li>If you're not sure, that typically means no. Especially in love.</li>
  <li>Once in a while do something everyone says you shouldn't. This is the source of my best and worse moments. All great stories.</li>
  <li>Live a life full of great stories.</li>
  <li>Boys and girls <i>can</i> be just friends.</li>
  <li>Don't mistake "how it's been done" for "how it should be done".</li>
  <li>Moving somewhere new is healthy. You'll learn about yourself and find new appreciation for people and things you take for granted.</li>
  <li>Happiness is a choice.</li>
  <li>There's something magical about having dinner with someone.</li>
  <li>Success feels more like relief than accomplishment.</li>
  <li>Success is fleeting.</li>
  <li>What the hell is success?</li>
  <li>Take care of your body and it'll take care of you.</li>
  <li>Sunday morning is the best part of the week.</li>
  <li>Who you choose to spend your time with has an enormous impact on who you'll be. Choose wisely.</li>
  <li>I shamelessly dance and sing while getting dressed and in the car. I'm convinced it doubles my personal happiness. Try it.</li>
  <li>The first step in "living the dream" is to build it.</li>
  <li>There are things in life you won't understand and can't explain. Don't waste your time trying to do either. Smile and enjoy them, they're the best.</li>
  <li>Life is messy, unpredictable and absolutely wonderful.</li>
</ol>

{% include share.html %}
